Bluetooth: Mesh: restore ttl in Time model after unsolicited statuses (#13995)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * :ref:`bt_mesh_ug_reserved_ids` with model ID and opcodes for the new :ref:`bt_mesh_le_pair_resp_readme` model.
  * :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_readme` APIs to match new Sensor APIs.
  * :ref:`ug_bt_mesh_configuring` with the recommendation on how to configure persistent storage to increase performance.

>   * Fixed known issue when Time model rewrote TTL to zero forever during unsolicited Time Status publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Fixed an issue when the Time Server model rewrites TTL to zero forever during the unsolicited Time Status publication.
```
